index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Portifolio 

## Eduction
### Masters Degree: 2022 - present 
Started my Masters Degree at Ontario Tech University in Electrical Engineering and Applied Science. I am a part of of the IoT research lab, where we work on some cool [projects](https://iotresearchlab.ca). 
Finished the following five courses:
1. Real-time data analysis:
  Studied the following topics:
  * Real-time data streaming/processing 
  * IoT architectures and working with data
  * Deep learning for IoT
  * Time series analysis and spatiotemporal modelling

> In the course project, I worked on enhancing YOLOv4 detection by adding an image enhancment techniques in a pipeline. This helpful for automnmous 
> vechiles in challenging weather conditions. A paper is done and pending relative confernce for publication.

2. Advanced software and data engineering
3. Data mining 
4. Network computing
5. Sensors networks

## Work Experince

## Side Projects

## Blogs











Text can be **bold**, _italic_, ~~strikethrough~~ or `keyword`.

[Link to another page](./another-page.html).

There should be whitespace between paragraphs.

There should be whitespace between paragraphs. We recommend including a README, or a file with information about your project.

# Header 1

This is a normal paragraph following a header. GitHub is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration. It lets you and others work together on projects from anywhere.

## Header 2

> This is a blockquote following a header.
>
> When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.

### Header 3

```js
// Javascript code with syntax highlighting.
var fun = function lang(l) {
  dateformat.i18n = require('./lang/' + l)
  return true;
}
```

```ruby
# Ruby code with syntax highlighting
GitHubPages::Dependencies.gems.each do |gem, version|
  s.add_dependency(gem, "= #{version}")
end
```

#### Header 4

*   This is an unordered list following a header.
*   This is an unordered list following a header.
*   This is an unordered list following a header.

##### Header 5

1.  This is an ordered list following a header.
2.  This is an ordered list following a header.
3.  This is an ordered list following a header.

###### Header 6

| head1        | head two          | three |
|:-------------|:------------------|:------|
| ok           | good swedish fish | nice  |
| out of stock | good and plenty   | nice  |
| ok           | good `oreos`      | hmm   |
| ok           | good `zoute` drop | yumm  |

### There's a horizontal rule below this.

* * *

### Here is an unordered list:

*   Item foo
*   Item bar
*   Item baz
*   Item zip

### And an ordered list:

1.  Item one
1.  Item two
1.  Item three
1.  Item four

### And a nested list:

- level 1 item
  - level 2 item
  - level 2 item
    - level 3 item
    - level 3 item
- level 1 item
  - level 2 item
  - level 2 item
  - level 2 item
- level 1 item
  - level 2 item
  - level 2 item
- level 1 item

### Small image

![Octocat](https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/octocat.png)

### Large image

![Branching](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/branching.png)


### Definition lists can be used with HTML syntax.

<dl>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Godzilla</dd>
<dt>Born</dt>
<dd>1952</dd>
<dt>Birthplace</dt>
<dd>Japan</dd>
<dt>Color</dt>
<dd>Green</dd>
</dl>

```
Long, single-line code blocks should not wrap. They should horizontally scroll if they are too long. This line should be long enough to demonstrate this.
```

```
The final element.
```

Commit message:

added more to the education part

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Portifolio 

## Eduction
### Masters Degree: 2022 - present 
Started my Masters Degree at Ontario Tech University in Electrical Engineering and Applied Science. I am a part of of the IoT research lab, where we work on some cool [projects](https://iotresearchlab.ca). 
Finished the following five courses:
1. Real-time data analysis:
  Studied the following topics:
  * Real-time data streaming/processing 
  * IoT architectures and working with data
  * Deep learning for IoT
  * Time series analysis and spatiotemporal modelling

> In the course project, I worked on enhancing YOLOv4 detection by adding an image enhancment techniques in a pipeline. This helpful for automnmous 
> vechiles in challenging weather conditions. A paper is done and pending relative confernce for publication.

2. Advanced software and data engineering

3. Data mining
>	Conducted a comprehensive sentiment analysis of the FIFA World Cup 2022 by collecting and 
> examining tweets over a 12-year period (around 10M tweets) since the announcement of Qatar as the host in 2010, 
> providing valuable insights into public perception and opinion trends.

4. Network computing
> Designed and implemented a predictive maintenance system for air production units using the 
> MetroPT benchmark dataset. The system was deployed on Google Cloud, allowing for real-time data  
> collection and analysis from connected sensors through the Pub/Sub messaging service. This 
> streamlined solution enables more efficient maintenance and reduced downtime for the production 
> units.

5. Sensors networks

## Work Experince

## Side Projects

## Blogs











Text can be **bold**, _italic_, ~~strikethrough~~ or `keyword`.

[Link to another page](./another-page.html).

There should be whitespace between paragraphs.

There should be whitespace between paragraphs. We recommend including a README, or a file with information about your project.

# Header 1

This is a normal paragraph following a header. GitHub is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration. It lets you and others work together on projects from anywhere.

## Header 2

> This is a blockquote following a header.
>
> When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.

### Header 3

```js
// Javascript code with syntax highlighting.
var fun = function lang(l) {
  dateformat.i18n = require('./lang/' + l)
  return true;
}
```

```ruby
# Ruby code with syntax highlighting
GitHubPages::Dependencies.gems.each do |gem, version|
  s.add_dependency(gem, "= #{version}")
end
```

#### Header 4

*   This is an unordered list following a header.
*   This is an unordered list following a header.
*   This is an unordered list following a header.

##### Header 5

1.  This is an ordered list following a header.
2.  This is an ordered list following a header.
3.  This is an ordered list following a header.

###### Header 6

| head1        | head two          | three |
|:-------------|:------------------|:------|
| ok           | good swedish fish | nice  |
| out of stock | good and plenty   | nice  |
| ok           | good `oreos`      | hmm   |
| ok           | good `zoute` drop | yumm  |

### There's a horizontal rule below this.

* * *

### Here is an unordered list:

*   Item foo
*   Item bar
*   Item baz
*   Item zip

### And an ordered list:

1.  Item one
1.  Item two
1.  Item three
1.  Item four

### And a nested list:

- level 1 item
  - level 2 item
  - level 2 item
    - level 3 item
    - level 3 item
- level 1 item
  - level 2 item
  - level 2 item
  - level 2 item
- level 1 item
  - level 2 item
  - level 2 item
- level 1 item

### Small image

![Octocat](https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/octocat.png)

### Large image

![Branching](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/branching.png)


### Definition lists can be used with HTML syntax.

<dl>
<dt>Name</dt>
<dd>Godzilla</dd>
<dt>Born</dt>
<dd>1952</dd>
<dt>Birthplace</dt>
<dd>Japan</dd>
<dt>Color</dt>
<dd>Green</dd>
</dl>

```
Long, single-line code blocks should not wrap. They should horizontally scroll if they are too long. This line should be long enough to demonstrate this.
```

```
The final element.
```
